INCONCEIVABLE HORROR OF CHEMICAL
WEAPONS.
THIS IS WHAT ASSAD DID TO HIS
OWN PEOPLE.
>Wood> ruff: SECRETARY OF STATE
JOHN KERRY DELIVERED A  FORCEFUL
ARGUMENT FOR TAKING MILITARY
ACTION AGAINST SYRIA, AS
PUNISHMENT FOR LAST WEEK'S
ATTACK ON SYRIAN CIVILIANS.
GOOD EVENING, I'M JUDY WOODRUFF.
>> Brown: AND I'M JEFFREY BROWN.
ON THE "NEWSHOUR" TONIGHT: WE
DISCUSS THE OPTIONS-- AND THE
CONSEQUENCES OF WHATEVER ACTION
IS OR ISN'T TAKEN-- WITH TWO
MEMBERS OF CONGRESS WHO WERE
BRIEFED ON THE EVIDENY THE
WHITE HOUSE.
>> Woodruff: AND WE GET THE
PERSPECTIVES OF "NEWSHOUR"
ANALYSTS MARK SHIELDS AND DAVID
BROOKS.
>> Brown: THEN, THE RACE TO SAVE
THE CENTURIES-OLD SEQUOIAS AT
YOSEMITE NATIONAL PARK,
THREATENED BY WILDFIRES BURNING
JUST MILES AWAY.
WE HAVE A REPORT FROM THE SCENE.
>> Woodruff: WE WRAP UP OUR LOOK
AT THE LEGACY OF THE MARCH ON
WASHINGTON, 50 YEARS ON.
TONIGHT, THE LONG JOURNEY OF THE
CIVIL RIGHTS MOVEMENT, AND ITS
UNFINISHED BUSINESS.
>> WE HAVE THIS, IN MY VIEW,
RACE-BASED PARTISAN GRIDLOCK
THAT DENIES THE POSSIBILITIES
THAT AMERICA CAN DO WHAT WE
PROVED WE COULD DO IN THE 60s,
WHICH IS TACKLE OUR TOUGHEST
PROBLEM.